---
title: Release Apache SkyWalking BanyanDB 0.4.0
date: 2023-06-02
author: SkyWalking Team
---

SkyWalking BanyanDB 0.4.0 is released. Go to [downloads](/downloads) page to find release tars.

### Features

- Add TSDB concept document.
- [UI] Add YAML editor for inputting query criteria.
- Refactor TopN to support `NULL` group while keeping seriesID from the source measure.
- Add a sharded buffer to TSDB to replace Badger's memtable. Badger KV only provides SST.
- Add a meter system to control the internal metrics.
- Add multiple metrics for measuring the storage subsystem.
- Refactor callback of TopNAggregation schema event to avoid deadlock and reload issue.
- Fix max ModRevision computation with inclusion of `TopNAggregation`
- Enhance meter performance
- Reduce logger creation frequency
- Add units to memory flags
- Introduce TSTable to customize the block's structure
- Add `/system` endpoint to the monitoring server that displays a list of nodes' system information.
- Enhance the `liaison` module by implementing access logging.
- Add the Istio scenario stress test based on the data generated by the integration access log.
- Generalize the index's docID to uint64.
- Remove redundant ID tag type.
- Improve granularity of index in `measure` by leveling up from data point to series.
- [UI] Add measure CRUD operations.
- [UI] Add indexRule CRUD operations.
- [UI] Add indexRuleBinding CRUD operations.

### Bugs

- Fix iterator leaks and ensure proper closure and introduce a closer to guarantee all iterators are closed
- Fix resource corrupts caused by update indexRule operation
- Set the maximum integer as the limit for aggregation or grouping operations when performing aggregation or grouping operations in a query plan.

### Chores

- Bump go to 1.20.
- Set KV's minimum memtable size to 8MB
- [docs] Fix docs crud examples error
- Modified `TestGoVersion` to check for CPU architecture and Go Version
- Bump node to 18.16
